♪Only after bloom comes fruit♪
♪Who says glory must fade to the past♪
♪Only through thunder
do you reach the clouds♪
♪Who made you the crown of every peak♪
♪I stand at the center of the stage♪
♪My shadow is pinned against the wall♪
♪Facing the light earns every medal♪
♪Little birds,
save your needless pecking♪
♪The open sky rises high♪
♪When night falls,
the moon begins to shine♪
♪I stand in the heart of these lands♪
♪My shadow bears no crown or robe♪
♪Then I know truth needs no disguise♪
♪The green hills see me as I am♪
♪Like dew, lightning,
and moon on the river♪
♪Showing me exactly who I am♪
=The Lead=
=Episode 34=
What is it?
What's the matter?
Sit.
Sit, and I'll tell you.
The troupe's lead drummer
broke a bone.
He really broke a bone?
What, you knew about this?
No, I didn't.
The premiere is tomorrow.
You gotta come save the day.
Me?
What about the other lead drummers?
Isn't it against the rules to ask me?
Forget about the rules.
The other lead drummers
are way too young.
They lack that energy.
Come give us that energy.
Besides,
it's Qin'e's debut in Chang'an.
Would you trust anyone else with it?
Do you trust me with it?
Of course, I do.
You must play the Zhangu drum anyway.
You need to set the tone for us.
Right?
Here, take the score.
(You Xi Hu score)
Learn it quickly.
Rehearsal is this afternoon.
By the way, what did you need today?
Nothing.
I...
was just passing by to see you.
San Yuan,
ruining a show is a deadly mistake.
Now my fate and the fate of this show
are both in your hands.
Alright.
Why aren't we there yet?
How long was I asleep?
Who knows?
Where are you taking me?
Where are we?
No idea.
I was looking, but the road just ended.
Stop the car.
I can't stop here. Just wait a sec.
I said stop the car! Did you hear me?
It's uphill. I can't stop now.
Stop the car!
Okay, okay, stop grabbing me.
- Stop!
- I'll stop
when I get to the top.
- To the top.
- Stop now!
Okay, I'm stopping!
Why did you bring me here?
I worried you'd be nervous on stage.
So I took you out to relax.
I heard about the Eight Views of Chang'an.
Thought a hike would help you relax.
Who knew we'd run out of road?
I've been here
with my buddies before.
But as I kept driving...
After that intersection,
the road just disappeared.
Where are you going?
Stop driving, it's a dead end.
The view here is beautiful.
Let's stay here.
Thirsty?
Have a soda.
We came prepared.
If you ask me,
people in Chang'an haven't seen much.
Evening Glow over
Mount Li, compared to
Ningzhou's Sixty-Six Bends,
is not even close.
Ningzhou is over there.
Do you miss home?
I left home at twelve
and haven't really been back since.
I don't miss it.
Who asked you?
I just don't.
Back when I was in Beishan,
everyone thought I rode
on my dad's coattails.
I just don't like that place.
Well, did you?
I didn't want to.
But I had no choice.
Everyone knows I'm his son.
Everything I do represents him.
He never asks what I want to do.
Now that I'm in Chang'an,
I really want to see
if I can make it on my own.
Isn't your dad mad at you?
He is.
He wants to disown me.
I heard from Mom the other day
that he always takes it
out on my elder sister.
He yells so much she won't even visit.
They always say I'm the only son.
To me, my sister and I are the same.
Come on, what year is it?
Men and women are equal now.
Old-fashioned.
We're the same.
I have an elder sister too.
When my little brother was born,
Dad put on an opera for the village.
Did you really herd sheep?
I had three sheep.
We were close. They only
listened to me.
If my sister's in-laws hadn't said no,
she'd be the one singing opera now,
and I'd still herd sheep.
Want to herd sheep?
That's easy.
It's a tiny thing.
Let's get married,
get a house with a yard,
and raise three sheep.
I shouldn't be nice to you, should I?
You're talking absolute nonsense.
Let's be serious, Qin'e.
I think that fire was a good thing.
Out with the old, in with the new.
Qin'e,
you're about to be famous!
Super famous!
Famous beyond Chang'an!
Famous beyond China!
Famous worldwide!
Famous beyond Chang'an.
Famous worldwide.
Only someone shameless
like Liu Hongbing could say that out loud.
However,
Yi Qin'e was still amused.
She didn't know when it started,
but Yi Qin'e began to feel that...
(Qinchuan Qinqiang Opera Theater)
Liu Hongbing wasn't so annoying.
(You Xi Hu Starring
Yi Qin'e as Li Huiniang)
- How's this?
- Good.
So?
It's beautiful.
You can do it.
So your first lesson
is to have a goal.
If you sing, you must be the lead.
Bravo!
You must learn to sing opera well.
No matter how hard it is,
you must keep going.
Uncle's got your back.
You just focus on singing.
Together,
we'll win this battle.
Bravo!
(Qinchuan Qinqiang Opera Theater,
Ice Cream)
Hu Sanyuan?
What's wrong?
Sitting here like a statue.
What is it?
Hadn't played the drums in a while.
You got nervous?
I wasn't keeping the beat for her.
I was following her rhythm.
Well, that's a good thing.
A good thing...
Of course, it is.
Then why are you just sitting here?
What?
Feeling old?
Surpassed by the kid?
Feeling upset?
Hard to explain.
But for her path ahead,
she really has to walk it alone.
Let her.
I can't help her anymore.
I really can't.
(You Xi Hu Starring
Yi Qin'e as Li Huiniang)
(Qinchuan Qinqiang Opera Theater)
Need tickets?
Want tickets? Need tickets?
You folks in line
or just passing by,
check out today's front-row tickets!
Yes, yes. I've got them.
Yours, Shuangyou's,
and Xiaotong's.
The tickets are set.
Se... Secretary Wang.
Right, right.
Too much going on. I forgot.
Got it. I'll send invites now.
Right. Invites go out now.
It's the grand finale.
We need the leaders there to guide us.
Yangping.
Director Sun at Provincial
Radio Station: Two.
Municipal Publicity...
Sir, Provincial Department
of Culture called again.
District Publicity Department.
Director Sun.
- Don't forget.
- Yeah.
They are set! Sub-district...
Remember, front row seats.
There aren't enough front row seats!
Just let them fight for it!
Whoever gets the front row keeps it!
Fire breathing comes in different types.
For example, we have the single-puff one.
Continuous one.
Upward-facing.
Dragon-like.
Mushroom cloud.
And so on.
Each type of fire breathing
has its own special meaning and purpose.
Come on, brother.
Still no sound?
- I don't get it.
- Let me try.
- Let me try!
- You don't know how, let me.
Hurry up and find it.
The county wants our village to get rich.
That's a good thing.
Our county's strength is the Boer goat.
There's a good buying policy now.
Sell the goats,
and the money will come.
Really?
Yes, really.
You should've said so earlier!
The chickens and goats I raised before,
I had them all as drinking snacks.
Trying to talk to you foodies
is just impossible.
Qin'e!
What's wrong? You okay?
From the fire breathing?
Who would've thought
that practicing it
would cause side effects?
Feeling better?
We agreed that after the premiere,
you'd go back to work.
I am at work now.
I have a lunch break.
I came to ask you.
What do you want for dinner?
Sour soup dumplings?
I'll buy some.
Liu, I was looking for you.
What's up?
The troupe is performing in Beijing.
But I can't get train tickets.
You're well-connected.
Can you help us out?
That's a tiny matter.
I know a guy in the Ministry of Railways.
We just played cards last week.
How many hard seats and sleeper berths?
Just tell me.
Any tickets left?
Excuse me, any tickets left?
- Excuse me.
- Sold out.
- Any tickets left?
- I'm...
I'm Yi Qin'e's writer friend...
(Sold out)
No more tickets.
No, tickets are gone.
No, thanks.
- Go.
- No rush.
Hold onto your tickets.
Here.
So many people are here.
Wait.
What day is it for?
Today.
You call yesterday today?
Step aside!
You got a problem?
Fine, to the station.
He ran off.
Need a ticket?
You have it?
Don't push.
Right now in Chang'an,
except for trains to Shenzhen, Guangdong,
(You Xi Hu)
You Xi Hu tickets are the rarest.
Great, great.
Old man,
you have no tickets.
How is it great?
It proves that Qinqiang
opera is getting better.
Will you buy it?
- How much?
- One fifty.
At the ticket office...
You can't even get one, can you?
Am I right?
These are insider tickets.
How are the seats?
First-class?
I guarantee you'll have
the best seat.
Where is it?
What's the rush?
Everyone, hold on a second.
The leaders are here
to visit us. Welcome!
Welcome!
- Hello, everyone.
- Welcome, sir.
You've worked hard.
Wishing you a successful performance.
In revitalizing Qinqiang opera,
you've made a great start.
We picked a great play this time.
Especially the female lead, cast perfectly.
Qin'e.
Qin'e, come here.
Sir, here she is.
This is Yi Qin'e, playing Li Huiniang.
She's the one you requested
from Ningzhou back then.
You truly have an eye for talent.
A true talent. A true talent.
Good. Good.
Are there any other issues in your theater
that need to be resolved?
Issues?
We can overcome any other issues,
but there is just one...
It's that Qin'e and the others are
still living
in felt shacks.
Earlier, due to practicing
the fire breathing,
she almost caused a fire.
Could you please find a way to resolve
the accommodation issue?
Are the actors' living
conditions that harsh?
Yes.
It's the leadership's dereliction of duty.
You can only work well if you live well.
Troupe Leader,
write a report and submit it to me.
The province will sort it out for you.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you. Thank you.
This way, please, sir.
- Okay.
- Thank you, sir!
- Good work, Troupe Leader.
- Thank you, sir.
- Qin'e.
You really helped us.
If the housing gets approved,
we all owe Qin'e our thanks, right?
Right!
Yes, absolutely.
Listen.
Is that my Laidi singing?
Sounds like her.
Oh, listen to you.
Have you ever heard the kid sing?
I watched your kid grow up.
I can tell.
How could I not tell?
That's my Laidi.
Singing so beautifully.
It must be our Laidi!
Exactly, she sings so well!
Where are you taking me?
♪Mister♪
♪This flower is bright and pure♪
♪Unlike the peach and plum blossoms♪
♪Which wither and fall in the wind♪
- ♪Plum blossoms are always there♪
- VIP spot! VIP experience!
Don't touch anything.
Live wires everywhere.
(Qinchuan Qinqiang Opera Theater)
Bravo!
You have such a big appetite!
Here, have another bowl.
Go easy on the chili.
Sure.
I'll make you a fresh bowl.
I feel kinda sorry for you.
You're tiny.
How do you have so much energy?
You count on this one meal all day.
Eating so much at this hour.
Only blacksmiths and
opera singers do this.
Don't go to our theater tomorrow.
Don't worry.
The train tickets are sorted.
Forty-six tickets.
Forty-two hard seats.
Four sleeper berths.
I'll tell him to save
a sleeper berth for you.
Wouldn't sitting the whole way be torture?
There are forty-five of us.
Plus me.
You are not going.
What will you do if I don't go?
I told you, I don't need you.
You don't need me?
What about the troupe?
The hotel in Beijing?
The round-trip bus?
And the return tickets?
Which part doesn't need me?
Don't flatter yourself.
The earth won't spin without you?
Now you know my importance.
Keep eating. I'll cook some more.
Wait.
I want a Bingfeng soda.
Right now?
Alright.
It's a tiny matter. I'm on it.
Here, your Bingfeng soda.
You're done?
Here.
There are a few left.
You finish them.
Don't waste them.
It's a tiny matter.
Can't believe I got this lucky.
I'll finish them off. Don't worry.
You only left one anyway.
Why skip the soup?
Sour soup dumplings!
The soup is the essence!
Gotta drink it.
So sour.
Sir.
You're the head of
the Provincial Qinqiang Troupe,
but you sit in a hard seat with us?
You should have a sleeper berth.
Right?
Sleeper berths are for artists.
Why would I need one?
A hard seat is good enough.
Look at you.
Troupe Leader, why give
me a sleeper berth?
I don't want it. You take it.
Don't cause trouble.
Just follow the rules on who gets to go.
No, I just don't want special treatment.
Give it to someone else.
Who then?
You decide.
Troupe Leader, let me go instead.
No way. Watch the suitcases.
Troupe Leader, how about I go?
My back isn't great.
Go back now.
Don't go to Beijing if your back is bad.
Such a hassle.
Move.
Qin'e.
Why don't you take it?
You're our troupe's national treasure now.
No need.
I'm perfectly fine here with everyone.
Now it's become a hot potato.
Listen.
As for these sleeper berth tickets,
I'll keep them with me for now.
Whoever gets tired
can go there and take a nap.
- Good. That works.
- Sure.
Okay.
- Here.
- Whose soda?
- Mine.
- Why didn't Liu come?
Why would he come?
He handled the logistics really well
for us.
Qin'e,
let me just say one more thing.
For people like us,
the most important thing
is to have a stable family,
and someone who supports you.
These two things are better than anything.
Now I just want to sing the opera well
without distractions.
I said too much. I did.
Go on.
Our Qinqiang opera going to Beijing
is a huge deal, isn't it?
Yes.
We're carrying our predecessors' legacy.
Shouldn't we do our best?
- We must.
- Exactly.
♪So bitter♪
♪Resentment rises♪
♪Three thousand feet high♪
♪Wronged♪
♪Souls are filled with rage♪
The audience in the capital...
can't understand our Qinqiang opera?
Impossible.
Art is universal.
Take Italian opera,
it's sung all over the world.
You're absolutely right.
The audience today
is full of professionals.
They're all here to judge.
Qin'e's part isn't easy to sing.
(Diaojia Village)
Bravo!
That was amazing!
I'm so thrilled!
Great! Absolutely amazing!
You handled the logistics so well!
Hongbing, when did you arrive?
I told you, planes are super fast.
From Yuxiang Gate to Tian'anmen,
it only took three hours.
A sandalwood fan from the plane. Take it.
Thank you, Hongbing.
Great job on the show. Well done.
Qin'e.
- Why are you here?
- A gift?
It was spectacular!
Hungry?
I brought some Guokui.
Hurry, have a bite.
I can't eat.
Qin'e.
Everyone.
The Performance Selection Team came tonight,
and they chose us
for the excerpts, Gui Yuan and Sha Sheng.
This Friday night,
we'll put on a showcase for them.
If we do well, we'll get to
join the National
Traditional Opera Festival.
It is the country's
highest-level performance.
Everyone.
During the Qianlong Era,
Wei Changsheng
brought Qinqiang opera to Beijing.
It's been over 200 years.
Over 200 years.
The revival of Qinqiang opera
depends on you guys!
Yeah! Yeah!
- Awesome!
- Yeah!
We won't let you down!
We'll revive Qinqiang opera!
My... My stomach hurts!
- Hurry!
- What's wrong?
Upset stomach!
Qin'e?
Qin'e!
- Look!
- Why didn't you knock again?
Don't be mad.
I'll be careful.
The wardrobe and makeup crew live here.
I saw them still busy in the makeup room.
Look.
I just went to Wangfujing.
I got you some Qingfeng Baozi.
And these hot Wontons.
Eat something warm before you sleep.
No appetite.
I figured.
Not used to the food?
Look.
We have Jinggao from Chang'an.
I have no appetite.
I don't blame your anger.
The other day,
I don't know what I ate,
but I suddenly got a
bad stomachache.
I couldn't even get out of bed.
That's why I missed the train
and got here late.
I suspect that
it was the sour soup dumplings.
I feared your stomach was upset.
So I rushed all the way to Beijing
to take care of you.
Are you feeling better now?
I'm fine. Pretty much recovered.
What?
You worried about me?
Since you're better, go back and rest.
- No more running around.
- Okay.
Have some warm soup before bed.
- Rest up.
- Thanks for caring, milady.
Zhang Yiyuan tea is 15 yuan a jin.
Eighteen.
So that's nine each.
- Nine each.
- One hundred twenty-five.
Can you even do the math?
It's 135.
I took six. Take a look.
Silly me.
Twenty.
Check it.
Five each. One hundred.
Right, one hundred.
Eight bottles of Liubiju.
I told you.
Sweet pickled radish only, no cucumbers.
I can't split this with you.
Why didn't you say so when we bought it?
I did. You just didn't hear me.
Actors, listen to me.
Play full, sing hungry.
However good Zhajiangmian is,
don't eat too much.
Stay in shape.
- Okay, Director.
- Okay.
You're an actor, why eat garlic?
- You'll reek on stage.
- I'm not kissing.
You don't have any
professional ethics as an actor.
Here.
What is it?
Hongbing brought you this pear soup.
He knows you can't eat,
but you must soothe your throat.
Where is he?
He left after giving it to me.
The Saozi and Zhajiang are great today.
(Canteen)
Everyone, wear your ID badges.
Remember,
except when you're performing on stage,
no one at any time
can take off this pass.
- Understood?
- Got it.
- Board the bus.
- Qin'e.
Just perform as you normally do.
No problem.
Just perform as usual.
Hurry up, go on.
(Canteen)
Sir, want some water?
Here they come!
They're here!
What's the matter?
They didn't even arrange a bus?
They failed?
How was it?
Troupe Leader...
Sorry.
Today's performance...
was a huge success!
You scared me!
Great!
Qin'e!
We did it!
Alright, alright.
Our Qinqiang opera succeeded!
Listen...
Let go!
We must drink!
Sure!
Qin'e!
Don't hug me!
Our pot isn't here yet.
The pot is here! Come on.
Make way. Here.
Eat and drink up, everyone!
Plenty of meat and booze!
Hongbing is so generous!
We've got liquor and beer!
Don't just talk. Drink up!
Drink up! Drink up!
Two beers.
Troupe Leader, drink up!
- Here you go.
- Come on.
We have meat and drinks!
Pour it up.
Go easy, don't drink too much.
Troupe Leader, let me update you on today.
Today, Comrade Qin'e
really outdid herself!
Every frown, smile and move
was absolutely perfect.
If ten guys from the Business Department
stared with wide eyes,
they wouldn't find a single flaw.
- Right?
- Exactly!
Well said, that's right!
Guess how we handled the fire breathing?
How?
Wait, wait!
Don't say a word.
Just because of it,
the Troupe Leader owes us a drink!
No problem!
- I still have to drink my share.
- Come on.
- Drink up.
- Okay.
Alright, bro.
Troupe Leader.
I need to discuss something with you.
Go ahead.
I want a few days off back in Chang'an.
No problem. That's fine.
But after we get back,
the province will surely
commend us, right?
By popular demand,
You Xi Hu will definitely have
extra shows.
After the extra shows, rest all you want.
Take as much time off
as you need.
Okay.
- Cheers.
- You guys drink up.
Troupe Leader.
How's your chat going?
I'd like to borrow Comrade Qin'e for a bit.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Alright!
Everyone, please quiet down.
First, I want to congratulate everyone here
on the huge success of the Beijing show.
Great!
- Let's drink!
- Drink!
Drink!
- Hongbing!
- Cheers!
Cheers!
Good job.
- Thank you, sir.
- Drink up!
For this second cup,
I'd like to toast Comrade Yi Qin'e.
To be honest,
my life before meeting Yi Qin'e
was completely aimless.
I never really saw the point of life.
In the blink of an eye,
all those years just passed by.
But...
It's different now.
Even eating liangpi
makes me happy.
=The Lead=
(Preview)
Comrade Yi Qin'e
has been blessed with
every gift for the opera.
During shows, you barely
have time to eat or drink.
Luckily, Hongbing's always there for you.
Bro, are you proposing or what?
Get down on one knee! One knee!
I told you, we aren't suited for each other!
This is what's hottest right now!
Rock 'n' roll!
Qinqiang opera has to change.
But how should it change?
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪We met and brushed past♪
♪Your shadow drifted out of sight♪
♪The stove fire blazed in my dream♪
♪Lit up the tracks of pearly tears♪
♪In my dream, water sleeves flew♪
♪Hiding a lifetime of love♪
♪The Qinling Mountains
crossed the stage♪
♪Spring water brewed strong wine♪
♪Sheep moved through the valley♪
♪It felt like a promise
from another life♪
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪If I chose again, I'd still roam♪
♪All over this sunlit plateau♪
♪The dream ends; the curtain falls♪
♪Moonlight washes off this stage makeup♪
♪The one in the mirror wears gray hair♪
♪Already sang all my joy and sorrow♪
♪Already shouted across Qinchuan Plain♪